# About EGOCache 2.0
EGOCache is a simple, thread-safe key value cache store.  It has native support for `NSString`, `UI/NSImage`, and `NSData`, but can store anything that implements `<NSCoding>`.  All cached items expire after the timeout, which by default, is one day.

# Requirements

* ARC
* Blocks
* iOS or OS X

# Changes in 2.0

The public interface in 2.0 is largely the same, with the exception of `[EGOCache currentCache]` being deprecated in favor of `[EGOCache globalCache]`.  You can now create your own instances of EGOCache and tell it to store wherever, this can be good for dividing up caches in different sections of your app.

Internally, EGOCache was largely rewritten to take advantage of libdispatch and is far more stable/performant when handling saves from multiple threads than it was in the past.

One other notable internal change for users upgrading from 1.0 to be aware of, is UIImage's are no longer stored via `UIImagePNGRepresentation`.  They're stored now by archiving UIImage itself, which allows us to retain information such as image scale, orientation, and also store the image in it's native type, so JPEG's are no longer inflated to PNG sizes.  If you were previously saving images via `setImage:forKey:`, but for some reason retrieving them via `dataForKey:`, you'll need to update your code to account for this.

# Questions
Feel free to contact info@enormego.com if you need any help with EGOCache.

# License
Copyright (c) 2012 enormego

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

